IMD3901B Design Studio 3 Winter 2022
Term Project - The Sacred Meeting Place
Triple Peanuts - Angelina Belingan, Jacqueline Lee, Violet Nguyen 

Research, Narration Script, and Art Descriptions

> Introduction <
The Chaudiere Falls and Islands, the sacred and peaceful Indigenous meeting place since time immemorial.
You recently discover an entrance to a cave that is located under the Chaudiere Falls.
Make your way to the cave and undergo a storytelling experience of 400 years worth of Indigenous history.

> Cave Art 1 - Sky World: Thunderbird Story <
1 - The Thunderbird is a supernatural enormous bird prominent in Northwest Coast Indigenous myths
2 - It was a symbol of power and strength that protected humans from evil spirits
3 - The flapping of its wings sounded like thunder and lightning would shoot out of its eyes
4 - Thunderbirds brought rain and storms to the Earth
5 - It is said that the Thunderbird would hunt whales and could pick them up with its talons
6 - The feathery beast lived in the clouds high above the tallest mountains
7 - Individuals who had been struck by lightning and survived often became Shamans, for they had received the power of the monster bird
8 - In Algonquian mythology, the Thunderbird controls the upper world while the underworld is controlled by the underwater panther or Great Horned Serpent,
    in which the Thunderbird threw lightning at them to protect humans.
9 - It was believed that the Thunderbirds were ancestors of the human race and helped to create the universe

> Cave Art 2 - Naming Ceremony <
1 - In the tradition of Ojibwe people, they have naming ceremonies that give each person in the community a spirit name
2 - Traditionally, children have their first naming ceremony around the ages 5-10. Then they have their second naming ceremony after going through puberty
3 - A person's spirit name tells you a characteristic about that person, their personality, and their mission in life
4 - The ceremony leader may also identify colours of significance to the person
5 - Names may be related to a person's clan, and might be a name previously carried by an ancestor

> Cave Art 3 - Pakallak Tyme <
- A spring festival that involves snowmobile races and fishing competitions

> Cave Art 4 - How The Beaver Got His Tail <
1 - This is the story of how the beaver got its tail.
2 - There once was a muskrat whose house got flooded. 
3 - It was nearly winter and the muskrat had no place to stay.
4 - This muskrat had a tail like the beaver we see toady, except it wasn't flat on the ground but it was sticking up.
5 - While the beaver had a small, skinny tail.
6 - The muskrat went to seek the beaver for help. 
7 - When the muskrat met the beaver, the beaver looked at the muskrat's tail.
8 - "Why are you here? Why do you have such a nice big tail for an animal like you?", the beaver asked.
9 - "There was a big flood and my house got flooded with water. Now I have no place to stay", the muskrat responded
10 - "I will let you stay with me if you are willing to trade tails," the beaver offered.
11 - The muskrat agreed, knowing he had no other choice if he didn't want to freeze in the winter.
12 - The two rodents traded tails, now the beaver has the big flat tail in which we see today.

> Cave Art 5 - Medicine Wheel Story <
1 - The medicine wheel represents the stages of one's being and the connection with the natural world
2 - The medicine wheel has been used by generations of various Native American tribes for health and healing
3 - It is represented as a circle in which consists of four directions: East, South, West, and North
4 - The East represents the stage of birth, the colour yellow, the spring season, and the physical state
5 - The South represents the stage of teenagers, the colour red, the summer season, and the mental state
6 - The West represents the stage of adults, the colour black, the autumn season, and the emotional state
7 - The North represents the stage of elders, the colour white, the winter season, and the spiritual state 


> Sources <
Thunderbird Story
https://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.ca/en/article/thunderbird
https://www.legendsofamerica.com/thunderbird-native-american/

Naming Ceremony
https://ecampusontario.pressbooks.pub/indigstudies/chapter/ceremonies-and-socials/

Medicine Wheel Story
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/nativevoices/exhibition/healing-ways/medicine-ways/medicine-wheel.html 
